More people are going to die.
And it'll be on your conscience
if it's not you next.
My daughter died.
She died a very long time ago.
She's gone.
It's not just us. you know.
The person disappearing
for days at a time is you.
Where am I supposed to go to?
You girls like anything to drink?
We have tea.
Cause of death?
Drowning.
And I'd wager she drowned
in fresh water.
That's my sister. Eleanor.
He needs one more.
She knows too much.
For we are many.
Victoria!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm ready.
What if I can actually do it to you?
You won't. Try though.
Pretend you're a boy.
OK. go.
See. I told you.
Nice.
They did Isobel. apparently.
yesterday in the middle of the quad.
So. it's definitely not just
boys debagging boys anymore.
Dicks.
And she said it was a joke. but...
Yeah. Let's see. then.
You have to remember
to redo the knot really tight
after you go to the toilet.
That's the hard part. Remembering.
I told on my dad by the way.
I'm going to see a psychiatrist. So...
Isn't it your dad
that needs a psychiatrist?
I did what you said.
I talked to a grown-up.
So they basically have to help me now.
Careful telling them stuff.
Who?
Grown-ups.
That's not what you said before.
I didn't know about them then.
Sorry.
You all right to teach me
the knot a bit later?
I've got Christian Union now.
Yeah. OK.
Bethan!
Help me.
Victoria!
I'm so sorry. I just... I couldn't breathe.
- Eva.
- Right.
OK. before you say anything.
I know I look awful.
This has been the worst and. well. er...
in some ways the most
significant week of my career.
Can't really see you.
Er. good.
Because. well. I'm a...
I'm a shocker under all of this. so...
No problem. we understand.
It's... It's impossible to take in.
Well. yes and no.
I mean. we have now defrosted
and processed all of the bodies.
Every single one.
All male. injured. Lidocaine.
Except one.
I meant emotionally.
Just forget it. Mike.
What's different. Eva?
Female.
She shows no sign
of external fight injuries.
nor the defence wounds.
Lidocaine. we're gonna have
to wait for tox reports.
which... but she does have these.
Old breaks?
Yeah. signs of broken bones
from past injuries
that have healed. just. not very well.
And there is something else.
OK?
It's a pinkish foam from the lungs.
It comes from pulmonary
secretions. blood. and water.
Her airways are full of it.
It's a good indicator for drowning.
Now the foam.
that collapses during freezing.
And I would say that she was frozen...
couple of hours after death.
based on its presence.
Is there plant matter.
like the body from the crypt?
No. And her stomach...
full of water.
She swallowed a lot.
It came back positive for chlorine.
So. she could have died
in a swimming pool?
Yeah. I think it's a real possibility.
There's more. Semen. possibly multiple.
We've swabbed.
To look at her. she's a teen.
Probably around 15 or 16 years old.
but definitely not a fully adult female.
Frozen shortly after death.
based on the preservation of her body.
So. we've got two teens.
both drowned. different waters.
We have to ID her as a top priority.
This is really good work. Eva.
It's great work.
Can somebody get Eva
a cup of tea now?
Please.
Yeah. that's not gonna
really work in here.
cos they only listen to me.
Dental records have come in
for the girl in the crypt. yeah.
Let's go.
Come in.
Please take a seat.
Thank you. er. for seeing me.
I feel like I haven't.
slept properly for days.
Then it's really good that you're here.
Yeah.
Er. I had a dream about my daughter.
What happened in the dream?
She was shouting at me.
What did she say?
She said...
"You are a bad mother".
Is it a terrible cliche
to talk about dreams?
No. not at all.
She said. "You don't have me anymore".
so you have to stop saying
that you're a mother.
You are not a mother anymore".
And she kept saying. "Shut up.
Shut up. Shut up".
And what did you say in reply?
Well. then I...
I woke up.
And it was all a dream.
I told you it was a cliche.
Cliches can be interesting.
How did you feel when she told you
to stop calling yourself a mother?
I felt like I ought to listen to her.
otherwise something bad might happen.
Like what?
Something terrible.
I see.
All right. the girl in the crypt...
what we got?
So. I identified her as Bethan Pryce.
because most of the girls
who went to Beecham College
on the bursary went on to.
at the very least.
make a Linkedln profile.
Mike. a word.
Er. one second. ma'am. I'll be with you.
Bethan Pryce has no footprint
after 2004.
And look. dental records confirm it's her.
She was born on
the 12th of August. 1988.
Which confirms she was in
the same school year as Victoria.
Mike. please tell me you're
not still identifying bodies.
We're onto something
here. ma'am. Sorry.
Er. she was in care
at Ledford House children's home.
- Was she reported missing there?
- No.
When I give you an order. Mike.
to delegate the identification of bodies.
you damn well do it.
Or I will have you off this team so fast...
Ma'am. this is different.
Er. Mike. it's OK.
Meet me at the car.
I won't be long.
Ma'am. listen.
Victoria dumped a body
on the school lawn.
and now Mike has identified
the body in the crypt
as a girl who was
in the same school year
as Victoria at Beecham college.
Yeah. a girl who just
slipped through the cracks.
She was never reported missing
to the police.
Peter Drake. he knows more
than he is telling us.
Right.
I really don't think you should
be speaking to Mike like that...
You've heard your new nickname.
have you. Jeanette?
Yeah. of course. I have. Who hasn't?
It's not cool when
guv speaks to people like that.
I don't like it.
Only I'm allowed to be cute
like that. no one else.
It's OK.
It's not OK.
It's water off a duck's back.
You can tell me my nickname.
if it lightens the mood.
Nepo-po.
Is that cos my dad was a detective?
People think I'm not as good
at my job as I should be? Or...
No. Jeanette. it's just a joke. innit?
Yeah. I know it's just a joke.
Of course I... Shit.
Mr. Drake?
Mr. Drake. it's the police.
He's dead.
Fuck me.
A body in Long Ashton.
Five Upper Hampton Road.
thought to be Peter Drake.
Forensics. please.
OK. received.
Sending units out now.
Jeanette?
It's like they knew.
Who?
They knew he might talk.
I had him and I let him go
because I'm stupid
and I'm slow and I'm shit at my job.
Who's "they"?
Whoever the fuck
is fucking killing everyone!
Give me strength. Please. give me str...
I was hoping that Verity was
gonna apologise to you today.
But now it's. er...
Don't expect an apology from anyone.
And you're not slow.
- No?
- No.
Or your nickname would be
"slow po-po". wouldn't it?
That's true. yeah.
Well. sorry from me anyway.
on behalf of her.
Come on. What's it look like?
Gunshot wound to the head.
Suicide. then?
Boss!
Can't be. There's no gun. genius.
There's no exit wound either.
No socks.
Victoria?
No.
The feet aren't as...
immaculate as some of the other bodies.
Doesn't match her MO.
No. no.
She only washed the feet
of people she cared for.
not men like him.
It could be someone who wants
us to think it was Victoria.
They want us to think
it's vigilante justice.
Communicating a message
which is obviously
a complete fucking nightmare for us.
What would be the message here?
What would it be?
Other than the worst fucking optics ever.
What if there isn't a message?
What if was just a paedophile ring
tying up loose ends?
Agreed. Yeah. Yeah.
Any eyes on David White?
We still can't find him.
Put a tracker on all his accounts
and circulate his image
as wanted to the press.
If he's alive. we need
to keep it like that. OK?
And what about Victoria?
If this wasn't her.
which I don't think it is...
she's. er...
she's in a lot more danger
than she realises.
It's not even lunchtime.
Had him. We had him. Mike.
I want to give you a chance. Mary.
When you heard Dad
going upstairs to my room...
what went through your head?
You do know that you demanded
a lot of attention. Victoria.
Much more than other girls your age.
Liar! You lied.
You let people think I was lying.
He really did love you.
That was the truth of it.
What was he like
when you married him?
The same.
Except...
What?
I was the apple of his eye.
Then it... after a while.
it was all. "Victoria. Victoria".
But. you know...
You had a lovely life. Victoria.
Lovely school.
Lovely room.
Someone who loved you
and wanted to be close.
All the opportunities of
a good education and career.
Women of my generation.
most of us ended up with our
heads in the washing machine.
Why did you take Madeleine from me?
Was Dad's idea.
He wanted you to stay young and free.
Free?
Yes.
Mum. I've had a horrible life.
Boo-hoo.
You stole my life.
You stole my child.
You stole my husband.
He was raping me!
Please. not this again.
You really remind me of him sometimes.
I want you to say sorry.
To who?
To me! To us!
You needed help. Victoria.
That. I do regret.
Even you know that you were
often very. very unwell.
That's when it started.
Your childhood
and adolescence. Victoria.
were what they were.
A living hell?
What happened to you as a child
was not your fault.
It's possible you have
developed other personalities.
or alters. as a way to cope.
This condition is called.
Dissociative Identity Disorder.
I want us to build
compassion for each alter.
but first. we have to meet them.
I can try.
No promises.
It feels like you've accessed the alter
that protects you in
the world by disengaging.
Your inner child.
A personality safe and unaware
of the trauma you've suffered.
Your father and I.
we used to call you Victoria ragdoll.
You were stuffed full of little
bits of other people.
It really didn't matter
what happened to you.
It's not just us. you know.
We are many.
Even Madeleine seemed like
just another little Russian
ragdoll inside you.
It's not just us. you know.
My name is Legion.
It's not just us.
Stop! Make it stop!
No. I can't face that one.
Maybe that one is not the same.
Not human.
I'm not like you. Mary.
I'm another kind of mother.
Mummy's here.
You can sleep. my little one.
Hey! Excuse me.
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
You need permission to be here.
Morning. Jeanette.
Where first today?
The church where
Bethan Pryce's body was found.
Well. your case. your funeral.
So. the church is perfect. Let's go.
To... What? You're coming with me?
Correct.
I'm outside.
- Right.
- See you downstairs.
OK.
Police?
Yes. Yes. DCI Jeanette Kilburn.
Just you. is it?
No. Er. we won't be long.
It'll only be a few questions.
I know you've already
spoken to our colleagues.
- Morning.
- Can we see the crypt?
- Er...
- Now. please.
- Yes. of course.
How do you think she got in here?
Er. there was an archaeological study
back in 2004.
Might be somebody got
access to the tomb then.
The church isn't always locked.
Someone could just
carry her in. I suppose.
Her parents. they're...
they're welcome here.
If it would give them comfort.
She was. er.
a looked-after young person.
I'm sorry she wasn't looked after better.
The study found that
any relics of St Jordan were long gone.
Right.
We'll need records of the dig.
Names of everyone that
had access to the site.
- Can you provide?
- I can do my best.
We've identified the body as
a girl called Bethan Pryce.
She was a student at
Beecham College in 2004.
Did you know her?
I... I joined in 2007. I'm afraid.
My predecessor.
he died a few years ago.
Bethan...
It's hard to think of her in there all alone.
Hello. Verity Pound.
Yeah. just bear with me.
Terrible reception.
Are you a churchgoer?
No.
I always hope people
can walk into a church
and find what they're looking for.
God?
The strength they need...
to continue a difficult path.
Can I ask you about the painting
I was looking at in there?
Mary Magdalene?
We. er. we used to
have her right at the front.
I was worried that it might make
the girls feel ashamed. embarrassed.
We're all made to feel ashamed of things
that. to us. are just like breathing.
Is that Beecham College?
Yes. that's right. There's a bridleway.
Not many horses on it these days.
You can walk it. But in this weather.
it'll be pretty hard going.
I really should walk it.
Understood.
You can keep the umbrella.
And. take care.
Thank you.
There must be something from
outside Sophia Craven's office.
Fucking find it.
I'm gonna go up to Beecham College.
It's closer than I thought.
Just to get some headspace.
So. er. you take the car.
I'll make my own way back.
- Yeah. good. Push!
- OK.
Right. what about
CCTV on the day of the...
- Hello?
- I'm up at Beecham college.
Yeah. it's all locked up.
Looks like they've already
sent everybody home.
I'll try the children's home.
see if I can get any more
information on Bethan Pryce.
I've just sent you a photograph
of some. er. graffiti.
OK. I've got it here.
I think this could be a clue from Victoria.
Look it up. what it means.
OK. "Alma Mater".
Literally means nourishing mother.
Used to describe what uni.
school or place of education you went to.
I don't usually get
the creeps. Mike. but. er...
this is a funny fucking creepy place
to send your kids for 30 grand a year.
Anyway. I'm off to Ledford House.
the children's home.
You chase up those tox reports.
All right. on it.
I found Bethan's file.
It says she was one of Beecham's
charitable bursary recipients.
Er. apparently. she was really bright.
and then she was suspended
for non-attendance
and listed by us as a runaway
around the same time.
They say she ran away dozens
of times before then. too.
You know. social services
might have more on the family.
Children's home was
her guardian at the time.
By way of a partnership agreement
with a local authority.
But. yes.
All right.
Did she leave anything behind?
They often leave everything.
They don't consider it their real stuff.
It's just stuff they've been given.
I know it's a long shot.
but did you keep any of it?
No. Sorry.
We'd have so much stuff if we did that.
Yeah. OK.
Er. it sounds like Bethan ran away a lot.
There's not much we can do
when that happens.
It's basically heartbreaking.
Any idea where she went?
It's not in her notes.
Can I have a look around?
What about you?
Can you show me around?
Hi.
This is Lily.
She's been here about six weeks.
Doing really well. actually. Aren't you?
Are you looking for your child?
Me? No. No. I know where my boy is.
He's with his dad.
It's. er. it's nice to meet you.
My name is Jeanette.
I'm a police detective.
A girl went missing. and...
That was a long time ago.
but. I'm just trying to find out
a bit more about her.
My room is this way.
Can I take a look?
Keep the door open.
Yeah. that's fine. Thank you for checkin'.
All right. Show me the way.
It's just up here.
This your bed?
Yeah.
Is that your own duvet cover?
No. Belongs here.
Your teddy?
No. it's theirs.
I didn't want to tell them I'm a bit old.
Everything OK here?
Everyone nice to you?
Er... yeah.
Some of the others have
a speaker or stereo.
something like that in their rooms.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I wanted to share a room.
but they said I have to have
this one on my own.
And why is that. then?
They just said it makes it easier.
Lily...
I want to ask you if anything
weird happens here.
Like what?
I don't know.
People hanging around?
People you don't know.
Men. Older men.
I haven't seen any. Why?
No. that's good.
- Thanks again. Jackie.
- No problem.
And I'll be in touch if
there's anything more. er...
Hey. listen.
Just so you know.
she doesn't want that teddy bear.
Right.
Couldn't get her her own
duvet cover. could you?
OK.
Everyone always has a reaction.
After a visit.
Especially the mums.
What do you mean by that?
Everyone wants to save someone.
The police do save people sometimes.
OK.
Anything else?
No.
You're all right. Jackie.
Hey. Anything new?
Toxicology results?
Hi. And not yet. no.
Why is everyone staring at me?
Everyone's praying for
some sort of breakthrough.
Praying? For what. a miracle?
They'll be lucky.
Can you get that to the lab.
see if it's a match for
the diatoms in Bethan's lungs.
Listen. I might head back.
There's some family stuff to sort out.
Right.
I'm not fucking Moses
parting of the Red Sea.
How was the children's home?
Er. Bethan was considered
a repeat runaway.
But she was definitely there.
I sent you a picture.
- Right.
- Yeah. listen.
I know Jojo's there now. so.
I haven't seen him properly in days.
- I sent you a picture.
- OK.
- I'll see you tomorrow. then?
- OK? Yes.
Wait. hold on.
Toxicology report.
Girl in the freezer. Wanna hear?
Yes.
There we go.
MDMA. cocaine. ketamine.
and alcohol.
What about Lidocaine?
No Lidocaine present.
Right. so she's pumped
full of party drugs.
- the question is...
- Where's the party at?
- Excuse me. ma'am.
- Yeah. where's the party at?
Er. I've got a woman
called Eleanor Lowry.
Wants to speak with you privately.
Eleanor Lowry?
Yep.
I'll talk to her in my office.
- Now?
- Yeah. now-now. yeah.
Come in.
Hi. I'm Jeanette.
I'm in charge of the case.
Mike. could you get some water for...
Eleanor Lowry.
I'm Carl Lowry's sister.
Thank you for comin' in.
Would you like to take a seat?
How can we help you?
I saw the news. and...
Did you come in to talk to us
about your brother. Carl Lowry?
Yes. I...
I wrote... something.
"My brother Carl was an abuser.
and my father was an abuser.
and my grandfather was an abuser. too".
My father abused me
and raised Carl to be the man he was.
Thank you for coming forward.
OK.
What do you mean. "abusers"?
Child abuse.
Sexual abuse?
Yes. That's right.
Do you mind me asking which
children we're talking about?
There were lots of parties.
What parties?
He would take us to
a big house somewhere.
OK.
Where was this house.
do you remember?
It was about an hour's drive
from our family home.
One hour.
Then a gravel drive.
We stopped going
by the time I was a teenager.
Were there other children in this house?
Yeah.
A pool.
The house had a pool?
Yeah.
Was it outdoors?
Yeah. Very well heated.
OK.
Thank you.
Are there any other details
you can remember?
It was...
like something in a magazine.
Very nice curtains. rugs.
Lovely snacks.
Who else was at these parties?
Me.
Carl.
Er...
Me. Carl...
The Burkemans.
My family. the Lowrys.
My brother Carl. me.
Carl. me.
Victoria Burkeman at these parties?
Victoria?
Yeah.
And who were the other children?
Horrible.
I'm ashamed.
Eleanor. I don't want to push you.
I really don't. but...
did you ever see anybody
actually being abused?
Yeah.
I am...
I am so sorry. I...
Many. many. many times.
You OK?
Eleanor. take a deep breath
for me. please.
Take a deep breath.
You're safe.
You're in the police station.
and you are safe.
I think we should just take a break.
The psychiatrist who said
Victoria was lying
when she said Ben Burkeman
was abusing her.
you see what you can
find out on him. please.
I'm on it.
Thank you. Mike.
- Hello?
- Hey.
Er. you remember. when you said
that you didn't agree with.
Victoria's first psych evaluation?
Well. we've now got a witness
who can confirm that
Victoria was sayin' the truth.
Sounds like terrible. terrible
things happened to her.
It was all true.
They were her parents.
We might need you to come in. actually.
in a professional capacity.
to help us support her to...
make a statement.
Sophia. are you there?
That's incredibly useful.
to have a new witness.
Thank you for letting me know.
I'm sure I can support
so you can get a statement.
Talk soon. Bye. now.
They know about the parties.
They know what you did.
You're coming with me.
We're going to the police station
so you can tell them everything.
Come on.
I'm going to tie you up outside
with a note written on you.
and you will confess it all.
Mary.
Move! Fucking move!
I'll cut out your tongue!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today